

NORTH INDIA

1.Agra
	Home to one of the 7 wonders of the world, the Taj Mahal,
	best time to visit: oct to mar

2.Amritsar,Punjab
	Home of the glorious Golden Temple, the iconic city of Amritsar
	Best Time: October to March

3.Haridwar,UK
	Considered as one of the seven holiest cities in India,Haridwar has a perennial mystical air around it, and is the perfect holiday option for anyone seeking spiritual connection as well as a chance to indulge in and get closer to nature.
	Best Time: Throughout the year

4.Leh Ladakh
	A land like no other with superabundance of attractions to visit and phantasmagoric and fabulous landscapes
	best time to visit: jun to sep

5.Shimla,Himachal Pradesh
	Probably the most popular hill station in northern India,
	Best Time: October to June

6.Vaishno Devi Mandir,JK
	this town is the holy cave temple of Mata Vaishnodevi, with spirituality and vibrancy lingering in the atmosphere.
	Best Time: Throughout the year

*****
SOUTH INDIA

1.Alleppey,Kerala
	Extremely famous for its beautiful backwaters, the city of Alleppey in Kerala is also known for its beaches, temples and traditional boat races
	Best Time: June to March

2.Andaman&Nicobar islands
	Lagoons of crystal clear water and scenic beaches topped with a little bit of history make Andaman and Nicobar one of the most perfect choices for an enjoyable,
	best time to visit: oct to june

3.coorg,karnatakaThis popular coffee producing hill station is not only popular for its beautiful green hills and the streams cutting right through them. It also stands as a popular destination because of its culture and people. 
	best time to visit: oct to mar

4.Kodaikanal,TN
	Green Valley View 
	Best Time: September to May

5.Madurai,TN
	Madurai Meenakshi Amman Temple 
	Best Time: October to March

6.munnur,kerala
   	tea gardens,little hill stations
   	famous for its tea estates, exotic lush greenery and craggy peaks, is located in the Western Ghats and is one of the best places to visit in Kerala.
   	best time to visit:september to may

7.Mysore,Karnataka
	It is replete with the history of its dazzling royal heritage, intricate architecture, its famed silk sarees, yoga, and sandalwood, to name just a few.
	Best Time: Throughout the year

8.ooty,Tamilnadu
	For every mountain lover, the very idea of travelling to the city known as the Queen of the Hills holds an allure like no other.
	Best Time: Throughout the year

9.Tirupati,Ap
	Home to many heritage sites, and a plethora of ancient temples and monuments, Tirupati is one of the oldest cities of India and finds mention in plenty of ancient texts.
	Best Time: September to March
*****

EAST INDIA:

1.Bodh Gaya
	 It was here under the Bodhi tree that Gautama Buddha attained enlightenment. The place is bustling with pilgrims all through the year who come to pay their homage in the monasteries, shrines and temples.
	Best Time: October to March

2.Cherrapunjee,Meghalaya
	Among the wettest place on the Earth, Cherrapunjee with its clean and pristine surroundings is an excellent place to sit back and unwind.
	Best Time: September to May

3.darjeeling,west bengal
	mesmerising sunrises, the untouched beauty of the hills
	best time to visit:feb to march and sep to dec

4.konark,Orissa
	Konark, in the state of Orissa is rebnowned world over for the Sun Temple
	Best Time: September to March

5.Puri,Orissa
	One of the four must-visit pilgrimage sites for Hindus (Char-Dham), Puri is a beach city with its most famous attraction as the Jagannath temple.
	Best Time: July to March

6.Varanasi,UP
	The city which can be aptly described as a melting pot where both life and death come together.
	Best Time: October to March
*****

WEST INDIA

1.Ajanta and Ellora Caves
	the magnificent paintings of Ajanta and well-carved sculptures of Ellora. The rock-cut caves containing carvings are the finest example of Indian paintings and sculpture.
	Best Time: June to March

2.Goa
	 you think of sandy beaches, amazing parties, beautiful little villages, delicious food, and a magical holiday experience
	best time to visit: oct to march

3.Hampi,Karnataka
	this place is a historical delight for travellers. Surrounded by 500 ancient monuments, beautiful temples, bustling street markets, bastions, treasury building and captivating remains of Vijayanagar Empire, Hampi is a backpacker's delight.
	Best Time: October to March.

4.Kutch,Gujarath
	 Kutch Desert Wildlife Sanctuary 
	Best Time: July to March

5.Mahabaleshwar
	A hill town in Western Ghats, apart from its strawberries, Mahabaleshwar is also well known for its numerous rivers, magnificent cascades and majestic peaks.
	Best Time: October to June

6.Udaipur,Rajasthan
	This 'Venice of the East' has an abundance of natural beauty, mesmerising temples and breathtaking architecture which makes it a must-visit destination in India.
	Best Time: October to March
